[Utilities] Added utility to bulk-run pipelines for a given branch (#1609)
Azure/ResourceModules: docs/wiki/Contribution guide - Validate module on scale.md

> Use this script to test a branch across multiple modules using the CI environment. As the script will trigger the pipelines as you would in the CI environment, both static & deployment tests are executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this script to tests multiple modules with a given branch, using the CI environment. The script will start the pipelines in the CI environment causing both static & deployment tests to run.
```

Reviewer: Remember, no execute.

Author: Can't say I agree, but also don't have a strong opinion, so whatever :D

---

### _Navigation_

- [Location](#location)
- [How it works](#how-it-works)
- [How to use it](#how-to-use-it)

---
# Location

You can find the script under [`/utilities/tools/Invoke-PipelinesForBranch.ps1`](https://github.com/Azure/ResourceModules/blob/main/utilities/tools/Invoke-PipelinesForBranch.ps1)

# How it works

The most important parameter is the 'Environment' you want to run the pipelines for, that is, either GitHub or Azure DevOps. Depending on your choice you'll have to provide a Personal Access Token that grants the permissions to read & trigger pipelines in the desired environment.

Upon triggering, the utility will:

> 1. Fetch all pipelines in the target environment & filter them down to, by default, module pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fetch all pipelines in the target environment and filter them down to module pipelines by default.
```

> 1. Trigger these pipelines for the provided targeted branch (e.g. `main`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Trigger these pipelines for the provided targeted branch, i.e., `main`.
```

Author: Nope. It is `e.g.` in like `for example`. 

`I.e.` instead refers to `which means` - which is definitely incorrect here. 

Though you can use `main`, this will most likely be an edge case.

> 1. Return the formatted status badges for the just triggered pipelines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Return the formatted status badges for the pipelines that were triggered.
```
